README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-MIT-green)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/277870034.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/277870034)

## Research Article

This repository contains the R scripts and data used to carry analyses
for this research article:

**Doré et al., 2020 - Relative effects of anthropogenic pressures,
climate, and sampling design on the structure of pollination networks at
the global scale.** [Link to be posted]()

In this study, we conducted a synthetic analysis that assesses the
relative impact of anthropogenic pressures, climatic variability, and
sampling heterogeneity on the richness and levels of generalism in
pollination networks. We analyzed an extensive dataset, comprising 295
networks over 123 locations all over the world, and reporting over 50
000 interactions between flowering plant species and their insect
visitors.

All content is available
[here](https://github.com/MaelDore/Pollination_networks).

## Contents

  - [:file\_folder: **Data**](Data/) directory contains the network
    datasets used in the analyses.

  - [:file\_folder: **Figures**](Figures/) directory contains all the
    intermediate figures generated by the scripts showing effects of
    each explanatory variable on each response variable.

  - [:file\_folder: **Final\_Figures**](Final_Figures/) directory
    contains the final figures displayed in the article.

  - [:file\_folder: **Models\_outputs**](Models_outputs/) directory
    contains the summary of model outputs for the models presented in
    the main text.

  - [:file\_folder:
    **Models\_outputs\_no\_sampling**](Models_outputs_no_sampling/)
    directory contains the summary of model outputs for the models run
    without sampling variables. They are used for analyses and figures
    presented in SM6.

  - [:file\_folder:
    **Models\_outputs\_with\_polar**](Models_outputs_with_polar/)
    directory contains the summary of model outputs for the models run
    with additional three arctic networks. They are used for analyses
    and figures presented in SM5.

  - [:file\_folder: **Scripts**](Scripts/) directory contains the
    scripts used to run the analyses presented in the main text
    
      - [:file\_folder: **Scripts/SM**](Scripts/SM/) sub-directory
        contains the scripts used to run the analyses presented in the
        Supplementary

  - [:file\_folder: **SM\_Figures**](SM_Figures/) directory contains all
    the intermediate figures generated by the scripts for analyses
    presented in Supplementary. These figures display beta-coefficients
    associated with each model.

  - [:file\_folder: **SM\_Final\_figures**](SM_Final_figures/) directory
    contains the final figures displayed in the Supplementary.

  - [:file\_folder: **SM\_Tables**](SM_Tables/) directory contains the
    tables displayed in the Supplementary.

  - [:file\_folder: **SM\_Final\_figures**](SM_Final_figures/) directory
    contains the tables displayed in the Supplementary.

  - [:file\_folder: **Tables**](Tables/) directory contains the tables
    displayed in the main text.

**Note:** The raw interaction network data are available in Zenodo at
[Link to be posted]()

## How to run it

This research has been developed using the statistical programming
language R. To run the analyses, you will need installed on your
computer the [R software](https://cloud.r-project.org/) itself and
optionally [RStudio
Desktop](https://rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download/).

You can download the entire project as a `.zip` from [this
URL](/archive/master.zip). After unzipping:

  - Open the `Pollination_networks.Rproj` file, found at the root of the
    project, in RStudio

  - Run sequentially the scripts found in the [:file\_folder:
    **Scripts**](Scripts/) folder. It will rebuild the model outputs and
    figures presented in the main text of the article.

  - Run sequentially the scripts found in the [:file\_folder:
    **Scripts/SM**](Scripts/SM/) sub-folder. It will rebuild the model
    outputs and figures presented in the Supplementaries of the article.

## Contributions

This project is licensed under the terms of the [**MIT
license**](/LICENSE). Please contact the author if you wish to
contribute, collaborate or use part of these scripts in your own
research projects.

**Maël DORÉ:** [:e-mail:](mailto:mael.dore@gmail.com)
<mael.dore@gmail.com>

## How to cite

Please cite the original research article as:

> Doré et al., 2020 - Relative effects of anthropogenic pressures,
> climate, and sampling design on the structure of pollination networks
> at the global scale.

This repository is also archived in Zenodo. If you wish to cite the R
scripts in conjunction with the original research article, please cite
as:

> Maël Doré. (2020). MaelDore/Pollination\_networks: R scripts for Doré
> et al., 2020 - Relative effects of anthropogenic pressures, climate,
> and sampling design on the structure of pollination networks at the
> global scale. <http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4290503>

Commit message:

:elephant: Add interaction database DOI

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-MIT-green)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/277870034.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/277870034)

## Research Article

This repository contains the R scripts and data used to carry analyses
for this research article:

**Doré et al., 2020 - Relative effects of anthropogenic pressures,
climate, and sampling design on the structure of pollination networks at
the global scale.** [Link to be posted]()

In this study, we conducted a synthetic analysis that assesses the
relative impact of anthropogenic pressures, climatic variability, and
sampling heterogeneity on the richness and levels of generalism in
pollination networks. We analyzed an extensive dataset, comprising 295
networks over 123 locations all over the world, and reporting over 50
000 interactions between flowering plant species and their insect
visitors.

All content is available
[here](https://github.com/MaelDore/Pollination_networks).

## Contents

  - [:file\_folder: **Data**](Data/) directory contains the network
    datasets used in the analyses.

  - [:file\_folder: **Figures**](Figures/) directory contains all the
    intermediate figures generated by the scripts showing effects of
    each explanatory variable on each response variable.

  - [:file\_folder: **Final\_Figures**](Final_Figures/) directory
    contains the final figures displayed in the article.

  - [:file\_folder: **Models\_outputs**](Models_outputs/) directory
    contains the summary of model outputs for the models presented in
    the main text.

  - [:file\_folder:
    **Models\_outputs\_no\_sampling**](Models_outputs_no_sampling/)
    directory contains the summary of model outputs for the models run
    without sampling variables. They are used for analyses and figures
    presented in SM6.

  - [:file\_folder:
    **Models\_outputs\_with\_polar**](Models_outputs_with_polar/)
    directory contains the summary of model outputs for the models run
    with additional three arctic networks. They are used for analyses
    and figures presented in SM5.

  - [:file\_folder: **Scripts**](Scripts/) directory contains the
    scripts used to run the analyses presented in the main text
    
      - [:file\_folder: **Scripts/SM**](Scripts/SM/) sub-directory
        contains the scripts used to run the analyses presented in the
        Supplementary

  - [:file\_folder: **SM\_Figures**](SM_Figures/) directory contains all
    the intermediate figures generated by the scripts for analyses
    presented in Supplementary. These figures display beta-coefficients
    associated with each model.

  - [:file\_folder: **SM\_Final\_figures**](SM_Final_figures/) directory
    contains the final figures displayed in the Supplementary.

  - [:file\_folder: **SM\_Tables**](SM_Tables/) directory contains the
    tables displayed in the Supplementary.

  - [:file\_folder: **SM\_Final\_figures**](SM_Final_figures/) directory
    contains the tables displayed in the Supplementary.

  - [:file\_folder: **Tables**](Tables/) directory contains the tables
    displayed in the main text.

**Note:** The raw interaction network data are available in Zenodo
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.4300427.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4300427)

## How to run it

This research has been developed using the statistical programming
language R. To run the analyses, you will need installed on your
computer the [R software](https://cloud.r-project.org/) itself and
optionally [RStudio
Desktop](https://rstudio.com/products/rstudio/download/).

You can download the entire project as a `.zip` from [this
URL](/archive/master.zip). After unzipping:

  - Open the `Pollination_networks.Rproj` file, found at the root of the
    project, in RStudio

  - Run sequentially the scripts found in the [:file\_folder:
    **Scripts**](Scripts/) folder. It will rebuild the model outputs and
    figures presented in the main text of the article.

  - Run sequentially the scripts found in the [:file\_folder:
    **Scripts/SM**](Scripts/SM/) sub-folder. It will rebuild the model
    outputs and figures presented in the Supplementaries of the article.

## Contributions

This project is licensed under the terms of the [**MIT
license**](/LICENSE). Please contact the author if you wish to
contribute, collaborate or use part of these scripts in your own
research projects.

**Maël DORÉ:** [:e-mail:](mailto:mael.dore@gmail.com)
<mael.dore@gmail.com>

## How to cite

Please cite the original research article as:

> Doré et al., 2020 - Relative effects of anthropogenic pressures,
> climate, and sampling design on the structure of pollination networks
> at the global scale.

This repository is also archived in Zenodo. If you wish to cite the R
scripts in conjunction with the original research article, please cite
as:

> Maël Doré. (2020). MaelDore/Pollination\_networks: R scripts for Doré
> et al., 2020 - Relative effects of anthropogenic pressures, climate,
> and sampling design on the structure of pollination networks at the
> global scale. <http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4290503>

If you use the raw interaction database, please cite:

> Elisa Thébault, Maël Doré & Colin Fontaine. (2020). A database of
> plant-pollinator networks (Version 1) \[Data set\]. Zenodo.
> <http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4300427>
